Eric Conway
Driver/Permit Puller/Vehicle Maintence/Warehouse
Santa Clarita, CA 91390
conwaycourier@gmail.com
+1 323 347 7056
Building & Safety permit puller/driver for replacement of existing water heaters which includes
installation, removal, & final inspection. Proficient in Microsoft Excel. 
AAA Technician #116882 * OBD 2 Diagnosis Scan Tool: Autel MaxiCOM MK 808BT 
Hard skills: HTML * CSS * JavaScript * http://intuitivebalanceacupuncture.com/ (project)
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Driver/Permit Puller/Warehouse
Affordable Water Heaters and Plumbing Inc - Valencia, CA
January 2019 to Present
Building & Safety permit puller/driver for Valencia plumbing company. Manage order entry of all
paperwork using Microsoft Excel with the SORT function organized by permit pull date. Assist plumbers
with installation, removal of Bradford White residential and commercial water heaters. Dispatch daily
route to Building & Safety offices throughout Southern California counties to purchase final inspection
permits for clients using Google Maps. Purchase plumbing supplies with company credit card at Ferguson,
Home Depot. Daily log inspection of company vehicles using Autel vehicle diagnosis OBD 2 scan tool
to check for pending codes & perform routine maintenance service such as correct coolant/antifreeze
levels, oil, adjust tire pressure changes, check battery voltage. Continuous professional logistics manager
with all duties.
Driver/Dispatcher
Castaic Towing - Santa Clarita, CA
December 2016 to January 2019
AAA Roadside assistance tow truck driver.
AAA Technician #116882 * Autel Maxi Com MK808BT OBD 2 Scanner
Dispatcher
Castaic Towing - Santa Clarita, CA
November 2016 to January 2019
AAA tow truck driver.
Driver & Dispatcher
Genesis Parcel Services - Los Angeles, CA
January 2012 to November 2016
Courier service for entertainment industry.
• Dispatcher: Communicate with professional drivers and riders to pick up and deliver time sensitive
packages to studios, production houses, and business offices. Text proof of delivery signatures back to
clients when delivery is completed. Superior knowledge of Los Angeles streets and freeways.
• Online: Service Titan Logistical Software. Google
• Keyboard: 30 WPM
Driver & Dispatcher
Excel Messengers - Los Angeles, CA
July 2002 to January 2012
Fast paced courier service for entertainment industry.
• Load and secure boxes placed in covered courier truck and make on time Los Angeles deliveries to
established customers. Pick up and drop off at local Hollywood studios and various production companies
with proof of delivery signature emailed back to client.
Dispatcher and customer service representative. Take phone calls from clients and enter their logistical
information into office computer system to be dispatched to professional drivers and motorcycle riders.
Flatbed Truck Driver
Swift Transportation - Phoenix, AZ
April 2001 to July 2002
Long haul class A flatbed truck driver
• Pick up and deliver freight loads for long haul trucking company. After freight was loaded on truck,
freight was covered and tied down & secured for over the road deliveries. I would contact delivery
destination companies to make arrangements for freight delivery. Follow all Federal guidelines for
OTR travel. Keep a detailed log book, organizing all available working hours, logged miles, and time
off. Communicating with Driver Manager when freight was picked up, delivered and proof of delivery
signature via computer in my tractor trailer.
Skills: Certified Forklift Operator, Commercial Driver's License, Qualcomm
Driver/Dispatcher/Customer Service
Hotline Delivery - Sylmar, CA
August 1990 to December 2000
Started as company driver then moved into part time dispatcher within six months. Answer incoming
calls from customers and book pickup and delivery times. Dispatch information to drivers via pagers & 2-
way radios. Managed up to 12 professional drivers and an office staff of 2 to 4 people. Also took customer
calls from my home on nights, weekends, and holidays. Put together newspaper ads for new hires, and
conducted interviews.
Skills: Forklift
Education
Associates of Science in Automotive Technology
Pierce College - Woodland Hills, CA
February 2009 to June 2014
Skills
• Driving
• Commercial driving
• Automotive repair
• Dispatching
• Tractor-trailer
• Microsoft Office
• Delivery driver experience
• Maintenance
• Tow truck
• Mechanical knowledge
• Heavy lifting
• Box truck
• Construction
• Warehouse experience
• Flatbed
• Courier
• Mechanic Experience
• Load & Unload
• Vehicle Maintenance
• Pallet Jack
• Shipping & Receiving
• Forklift
• Microsoft Excel
• Basic math
• Microsoft Word
• Order Entry
• Computer Operation
• Computer literacy
Languages
• English - Fluent
Certifications and Licenses
Associates of Science Degree
February 2009 to February 2022
Automotive Technolpogy
Assessments
Delivery driver — Familiar
February 2022
Interpreting instructions or signs and solving problems
Full results: Familiar
Work style: Reliability — Completed
February 2022
Tendency to be reliable, dependable, and act with integrity at work
Full results: Completed
Mechanical Knowledge — Proficient
September 2018
Measures a candidate's ability to understand and apply mechanical concepts and processes.
Full results: Proficient
Scheduling — Familiar
January 2022
Cross-referencing agendas and itineraries to avoid scheduling conflicts
Full results: Familiar
Attention to detail — Familiar
January 2022
Identifying differences in materials, following instructions, and detecting details among distracting
information
Full results: Familiar
Customer focus & orientation — Familiar
February 2022
Responding to customer situations with sensitivity
Full results: Familiar
Customer service — Familiar
March 2022
Identifying and resolving common customer issues
Full results: Familiar
Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued
development in any professional field.
Additional Information
Class of 2014
